not only new ones will be on the comic-con
series and movies revealed no she is
also heaven on earth for collectors
we'll show you the five coolest ones
exclusive gadgets of the comic-con 2013
fifth place the normandy begins to measure
at dark horse, normandie gives that
is nothing new because that is spaceship
Normandy from mass effect is already there
eternal with dark horse but here on the
comic-con gives it a very special
limited variant namely the bronx in
the version and it is not the first
r29 the out of mass effect 2 and 3 but
the first the little normandy pretty nice
many details on it with a cool one
Stand where you can not set up
chic can be on any case
ask the office desk and costs
49 dollars
Place 4 of the starship winter is coming
and dark horse come from
official comics to game of thrones order
to celebrate it here on the
comic-con an exclusive fan article
namely a strong family crest and
four plates is a bit smaller than
I had thought in the prospectus of his
size is exclusive but only here in
The san diego comic-con for 30 dollars too
to buy
place three a very special life
I have no idea what that is or
who that is but I know I will from
spank the celebrities if we have this
comic con exclusive articles withheld
it would be about dj pauly von
my little pony a comic and exclusive
there are 54 dollars and one for this
important note is nadal collections
want and no goal so
in the second place the act metastrophic glass
giant transformer here we are with
hasbro and here is something I need
our gamepro colleague kai's fingers
rubs the s disease off
to go wrong again on the fifth day
the transformers shared class metroplex
You have a huge transformer here
baggage dragged out
probably burglary here
is not that cheap 162
dollar cost box but then you have
an exclusive transformer at home
is also available in a non-exclusive
but then smaller and cheaper
and it 's not such a big triumph and
in place 1 of the delfin the absolute
Highlight of the comic-con excuse is here
behind me the dolphin know the
car fans as the mascot the pm the
Head of HR has only costs
But $ 25 is already complete
sold out
But it does not matter if you are here
anyway because behind us
mb cache the actress the pen
Actually it speaks autographs
You can talk to her here
that's when you're in the little bit
war still has a nice meeting
beautiful
currently in the glass metroplex giant block
spoken in court
There is a beautiful big one here
our transformation of your colleagues
kai namely the meter is exactly this
namely the metro